fix(lint): allow single spaces in useConsistentCurlyBraces rule (#5298)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/fancy-coins-cross.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Allow single spaces in `useConsistentCurlyBraces` rule.

Author: ```suggestion
Allowed single spaces in `useConsistentCurlyBraces` rule.
```

> allow single spaces and newline characters in useConsistentCurlyBraces rule #4154

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allowed single spaces and newline characters in `useConsistentCurlyBraces` rule.
```

Author: The Guide says 

> Use the present tense
> – https://github.com/biomejs/biome/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#writing-a-changeset

this is now past tense.

Reviewer 2: Good catch! I’ll update the guide.
